[DOCU-1841] add content to diff Inso sync and Git-based sync (#19)
Kong/insomnia-docs: docs/insomnia/version-control-sync.md

---

{:.alert .alert-primary}
**Note**: Version Control Sync applies only to remote Collections at this time. Collections use our own Insomnia Sync for versioning. This feature comes with paid subscriptions. See [Pricing](https://insomnia.rest/pricing) for more information. To learn about Git sync for Documents, refer to [Git Sync](/insomnia/git-sync).

In this section, you will find documentation on Collections [Sync](#sync) and [Snapshots](#snapshots).

## Sync

Sync for remote Collections provides the following abilities on top of the base Insomnia functionality:

* Snapshot the contents of a request collection
* Revert a request collection to a previous Snapshot
* Share Snapshots across devices or with members of your team
* Create and work on separate branches

> The main features of sync (once enabled automatically or manually) can be accessed from the dropdown at the top right of the application when you are in a remote Collection.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The main features of sync (once enabled automatically or manually) can be accessed from the dropdown at the top right of the application when you are in a Collection within a Remote Project.
```

![With a paid subscription, click on the large branch name button within a Collection.](/assets/images/version-control.png)
_For versioning options on a Collection, click on the large branch name button._

## Enable Sync

On creating a request Collection within a Remote Project, Insomnia will attempt to automatically enable sync and push an initial snapshot.

### Manually Enable Sync

If Insomnia is unable to or has not automatically enabled sync, then you can manually set this up. First click **Setup Sync** then **Create Local Project**. Then you can create and push your first Snapshot.

{:.alert .alert-primary}

> **Note**: Can't see the Sync menu? Make sure you're logged in by clicking on the person icon in the top right corner of your application. If you see a logout option, you're logged in.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note**: Can't see the Sync menu? Make sure you're logged in by clicking on the person icon in the top right corner of your application. If you see a logout option, you're logged in. If you still can't see the Sync menu, make sure you are inside a Remote Project from the dashboard.
```

^Pls reword as appropriate!

![Enable Git sync within a Collection by clicking the Setup Sync button.](/assets/images/setup-sync.png)

> _Enable Git sync within a Collection by clicking the Setup Sync button._

Reviewer: We might want to update this screenshot. In the screenshot there is a "Share" button that shows, but that doesn't actually exist anymore. Screenshots will no doubt fall out of sync, but since this button was related to Version Control Sync as well it could be misleading.

When sync is enabled on a Collection inside a Project, all users that have access to the Project also gain access to that Collection. You can manage the members in your Project from the [web dashboard](https://app.insomnia.rest/app/signup/).

## Snapshots

This section provides information on using the paid Snapshot feature for remote Collections. For pricing information, see our [Pricing](https://insomnia.rest/pricing) page.

### Create Snapshot

> To create a Snapshot, open a **remote Collection** and click on the branch dropdown menu next to your settings. A Create Snapshot modal will open.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To create a Snapshot, open a **remote Collection** and click on the branch dropdown menu next to Preferences, and then click Create snapshot. A Create Snapshot modal will open.
```

Branches are managed within the branches dialog. Here, you can create local branches, merge branches, and fetch remote branches.

### Share a Request Collection

> Request Collections can be shared with a team via the branch dropdown menu. To get started sharing workspaces with your team, see [Team Collaboration](/insomnia/team-collaboration).

Reviewer: The first part is no longer valid. A user can't choose which team to share a collection with (you could previously change this in the app, but can't anymore). The contents in the team-collaboration article are valid though, so I think just link off to that.

### Revert to a Previous Snapshot

You can revert a Collection to a previous Snapshot. Find the Snapshot you want to revert to by going to the branch dropdown and clicking on **History**. Then click **Restore** on the Snapshot you want to revert to.  

> When you restore a Snapshot, it will show the changes locally and you'll need to manually commit them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you restore a Snapshot, it will show the changes locally and you'll need to manually snapshot them.
```
